Update create.md (#9977)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/message_building_by_channel/content_cards/create.md

## Things to know

### Size limitations for Content Cards

> Content Cards are subject to a **2KB** maximum payload after Liquid rendering. This limit includes **Title**, **Message**, **Image URL**, **Link Text**, **Link URL(s)**, and **Key-Value Pairs** (names and values). Note that this does not include the size of the image but rather the length of the image URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The size of a Content Card payload can be up to a 2 KB after Liquid rendering. This includes the **Title**, **Message**, **Image URL**, **Link Text**, **Link URL(s)**, and **Key-Value Pairs** (names and values). However, this limit does not include the size of the image&#8212;only the length of the image URL.
```

{% alert important %}

> Messages that exceed 2&nbsp;KB will not be sent. During test sends, Content Cards that exceed 2&nbsp;KB can still be delivered and displayed properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Messages larger than 2 KB will not be sent. During test sends, Content Cards that exceed 2 KB can still be delivered and displayed properly.
```
